>> Speaker 2: Couple of questions going
different way, why are we using compose?
>> Brian: This is kinda just the way
that you apply this middleware.
I don't know if I know exactly
what compose itself does.
Redux compose.
This is the only reason I've used compose,
just for the DevTools.
Composes a function right to left.
>> Brian: You want to apply
several store enhancers in a row.
So it's just if you want to do
multiple different store enhancers,
which I'm guessing the DevTool
is one store enhancer.
It's also the only store
enhancer I've ever used.
So, that's what I got.
>> Speaker 2: And then how would
we architect the filtering of
the shows as a reducer?
>> Brian: So, I guess the way that you
would do that is you would keep all of
the shows inside of Redux.
And then when you're doing your map
state to props inside of there,
you'll do the filter, so
that you'd only be parsing the ones
that you needed from,
inside of that map state to prop.
That's probably the way I would do it.
>> Speaker 2: There was a question for
what resources would you recommend,
I guess for
making production quality code?
>> Brian: Specifically for
React and Redux?
>> Brian: A lot of that comes
down to build tools and
how you're using your build tools.
So, Kent C Dodds course on webpack
would be a good place to start.
There's another one coming out from
Jim Young on how to deploy it and
stuff like that,
that would be a good place.
Again, there's not too much
specific to making React more
production quality than it already is.
The one key that you need to run
a webpack in production mode and
you have to send your node
M to equal production, so
that it builds React in production
mode and not in dev mode and
that's pretty much it for
development verse production.
>> Speaker 2: And
there's a request, Francois said,
you mentioned you'd get to it,
but he would really like
to hear what the signs are that
would make one use Redux.
>> Brian: I alluded to it a little bit
earlier, but it's mostly that I have
multiple components trying
to read from the same data.
Multiple unlike components, so I have
all these TV shows that I need to read
from and I have ten different components
that are spread across my entire app,
trying to read from these same shows.
That's a big smell that I should like,
okay,
I need to centralize
these shows in some way.
Now there are some people that say,
like go ahead and stick it on context.
That's not the way I choose to do it.
The way I choose to do it is to use
something like Redux to distribute that
across my entire app.
>> Brian: But yeah, it's when you need to
centralize your source of truth and you're
trying not to duplicate or keep things in
sync, that's probably the best indicator.
When you're trying to keep things in sync
like you have two things that you're
trying to keep synchronous, never do that.
Just centralize your truth,
roll it all together.
Do something like Redux.
We're gonna add one more thing
to Redux before I move on.
I've shown you how to do synchronous
Redux and pretty much, I've shown you.
>> Speaker 2: Sorry
question just popped in.
>> Brian: Sure.
>> Speaker 2: Craig is asking, can you
use the form element properties from
the method you call in
the forms on submit?
>> Brian: The form element properties?
Like are you trying to
read the HTML attributes?
Is that the question?
>> Speaker 2: I don't know for sure.
>> Speaker 3: You're probably
serializing the inputs or something.
>> Speaker 2: Hang on let me ask that
again, can you read the form input element
properties from the method you
call in the forms on submit?
>> Brian: I mean,
there's many ways you can do that right.
Like you can,
it's a long answer to that question.
The answer is I think what
he's asking is- Like for
instance, the hidden input or something,
some some value in it and
when you submit the form.
And you're just keeping track of what's
happening at the form level rather than
each individual input possibly?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian: The answer is you can absolutely
do that, like it's just an HTML form.
>> Brian: For the most part, I would
assert that, that's not what you wanna do.
It's better to have React worry
about each one of them individually.
It's not always totally possible
if you have like a dynamic form
that you don't know what's gonna be in it,
but
I would say as much as possible,
it's better to just be explicit about it.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Another question.
Anton is asking, is that okay to
use Redux without React router?
>> Brian: Is it okay to use
Redux without React router?
Yeah, I mean, our example,
they're no way married to each other.
So, you can use one without the other.
They do not affect each other,
unless you make them.